1.0/029469
TI: NO-Oslo: maintenance of information technology software
PD: 20070220
ND: 43135-2007
OJ: 35/2007
DR: 20070219
DS: 20070219
DD: 20070316
DT: 20070320  12 00
HD: 3340
TD: 3 - Contract notice
NC: 4 - Service contract
PR: 4 - Negotiated procedure
RP: 6 - European Economic Area (EEA)
AA: N - National or federal Agency/Office
TY: 1 - Global tender
AC: 9 - Not applicable
MA: S - General public/services
PC: 50312510
    72262000
PN: Maintenance of information technology software
    Software development services
CY: NO
OL: EN
AU: NAV DRIFT OG UTVIKLING
TW: OSLO
IA: www.nav.no
AB: Title attributed to the contract by the contracting authority: Maintenance
    and further development agreement for the Norwegian Labour and Welfare
    Organisation.
    “Infotrygd” is a case handling system for services in accordance with the
    National insurance act, the Norwegian children act, the Norwegian war
    pension acts, the Norwegian family allowance act and the Norwegian act
    concerning cash benefit for parents with small children. The system shall
    cover the process from receipt of allowance until accountancy. By
    withdrawing case handling statistics, data from the system shall also be
    utilized in connection with the business controls. Maintenance and further
    development of “Infotrygd” comprises: - ordinary system maintenance,
    including error recovery and consecutive system improvements, -
    adaptations and alterations as a consequence of rule amendments, -
    assignments in connection with development of “Infotrygd”, - stand-by
    services.
    NOTE: Further information relating to this notice may be available on the
    Doffin Web Site at http://www.doffin.no/Search/
    Search_Switch.aspx?ID=87120.
    CPV: 50312510, 72262000.
TX: CONTRACT NOTICE
    Services
    SECTION I: CONTRACTING AUTHORITY
    I.1)  NAME, ADDRESSES AND CONTACT POINT(S): NAV Drift og utvikling,
    Sannergata 2, Postboks 5200 Nydalen, Contact: Kontrakt og innkjøp, Attn:
    Heidi E. Rygg, N-0426 Oslo. Tel. 21 07 00 00. E-mail:
    heidi.elise.rygg@nav.no. Fax 21 07 10 00.
    Internet address(es):
    General address of the contracting authority: www.nav.no.
    Address of the buyer profile: http://www.doffin.no/notice/
    AuthProfile.aspx?ID=AA0005.
    Further information can be obtained at: As in above-mentioned contact
    point(s).
    Specifications and additional documents (including documents for
    competitive dialogue and a dynamic purchasing system) can be obtained at:
    As in above-mentioned contact point(s).
    Tenders or requests to participate must be sent to: As in above-mentioned
    contact point(s).
    I.2)  TYPE OF THE CONTRACTING AUTHORITY AND MAIN ACTIVITY OR ACTIVITIES:
    National or federal agency/office.
    General public services.
    The contracting authority is purchasing on behalf of other contracting
    authorities: yes.
    SECTION II: OBJECT OF THE CONTRACT
    II.1)  DESCRIPTION
    II.1.1)  Title attributed to the contract by the contracting authority:
    Maintenance and further development agreement for the Norwegian Labour and
    Welfare Organisation.
    II.1.2)  Type of contract and location of works, place of delivery or of
    performance: Services.
    Service category: No 7.
    Main place of performance: Oslo, Norway.
    II.1.3)  The notice involves: The establishment of a framework agreement.
    II.1.4)  Information on framework agreement: Framework agreement with a
    single operator.
    Duration of the framework agreement: Duration in year(s): 5
    Justification for a framework agreement, the duration of which exceeds
    four years: Due to the agreement’s complexity and extent a legal
    evaluation has been implemented and based on this evaluation the duration
    of the framework agreement is 4 years with an option for 1 year
    prolongation. Compare the Regulation § 15-1 (4).
    Estimated total value of purchases for the entire duration of the
    framework agreement:
    Estimated value excluding VAT: 200 000 000 NOK.
    II.1.5)  Short description of the contract or purchase(s): “Infotrygd” is
    a case handling system for services in accordance with the National
    insurance act, the Norwegian children act, the Norwegian war pension acts,
    the Norwegian family allowance act and the Norwegian act concerning cash
    benefit for parents with small children. The system shall cover the
    process from receipt of allowance until accountancy. By withdrawing case
    handling statistics, data from the system shall also be utilized in
    connection with the business controls. Maintenance and further development
    of “Infotrygd” comprises: - ordinary system maintenance, including error
    recovery and consecutive system improvements, - adaptations and
    alterations as a consequence of rule amendments, - assignments in
    connection with development of “Infotrygd”, - stand-by services.
    NOTE: Further information relating to this notice may be available on the
    Doffin Web Site at http://www.doffin.no/Search/
    Search_Switch.aspx?ID=87120.
    II.1.6)  Common procurement vocabulary (CPV): 50312510, 72262000.
    II.1.7)  Contract covered by the Government Procurement Agreement (GPA):
    Yes.
    II.1.8)  Division into lots: Yes.
    Tenders should be submitted for: all lots.
    II.2)  QUANTITY OR SCOPE OF THE CONTRACT
    II.2.1)  Total quantity or scope: Estimated value excluding VAT: 200 000
    000 NOK.
    II.2.2)  Options: Yes.
    Description of these options: The framework agreement is for 4 years. The
    awarding authority has option for 1 year prolongation of the agreement
    after the agreement period has expired.
    II.3)  DURATION OF THE CONTRACT OR TIME-LIMIT FOR COMPLETION: Duration in
    months: 60 (from the award of the contract).
    SECTION III: LEGAL, ECONOMIC, FINANCIAL AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION
    III.1)  CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE CONTRACT
    III.1.2)  Main financing conditions and payment arrangements and/or
    reference to the relevant provisions regulating them: See the
    qualification documents.
    III.1.3)  Legal form to be taken by the group of economic operators to
    whom the contract is to be awarded: See the qualification documents.
    III.1.4)  Other particular conditions to which the performance of the
    contract is subject: No.
    III.2)  CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPATION
    III.2.1)  Personal situation of economic operators, including requirements
    relating to enrolment on professional or trade registers: Information and
    formalities necessary for evaluating if requirements are met: Company
    registration certificate. Value added tax certificate. Company tax
    certificate. Self-declaration regarding health, environment and safety in
    compliance with Appendix 2 (“Vedlegg 2”) of the Norwegian procurement
    regulations (“Forskrift om offentlige anskaffelser”). Other documentation
    required: - Organisation and owner structure. - Use of sub-suppliers.
    Requirement: The supplier shall be a legally established company.
    III.2.2)  Economic and financial capacity: Information and formalities
    necessary for evaluating if requirements are met: (1) Annet (vennligst
    presiser dokumentasjonskrav under):
    Company’s management accounts for the current financial year, and any
    other relevant information. Statement of the company’s turnover for the
    last 3 financial years relating to the area covered by the contract. Other
    documentation required: The company’s annual accounts for the previous 3
    years with notes and auditor's certificate.
    Minimum level(s) of standards possibly required: It is a requirement that
    the supplier has good solidity and is worthy of credit.
    III.2.3)  Technical capacity: Information and formalities necessary for
    evaluating if requirements are met: Manpower proposed for this contract
    (organisation chart) with names and CV's of the key personnel who will be
    responsible for its execution. A list of the principal deliveries effected
    or the main services provided, by the company, in the past three years,
    with the values, dates and recipients. A statement of the quality
    assurance/quality control system operated by the company. A certificate
    issued by an accredited certification authority attesting to the quality
    assurance, production or technical capacity of the company. Other
    documentation required: Minimum 3 relevant references with names and
    telephone nos. Short description of the supplier’s tools/methodology for
    implementation of the contract. The supplier must prove that he has
    necessary capacity and qualification to carry out the assignment.
    Minimum level(s) of standards possibly required: Considerable and relevant
    experience from equivalent assignments is required. Solid professional
    competence is required. Very good implementation ability and established
    and suitable implementation methodology is required. A good and well
    function quality assurance system (ISO 9000 or equivalent) is required.
    SECTION IV: PROCEDURE
    IV.1)  TYPE OF PROCEDURE
    IV.1.1)  Type of procedure: Negotiated.
    Candidates have already been selected: no.
    IV.1.2)  Limitations on the number of operators who will be invited to
    tender or to participate: Envisaged minimum number: 3. Maximum number: 5
    Objective criteria for choosing the limited number of candidates: The
    selection of suppliers will be executed based on which suppliers are
    considered best qualified in accordance with experience, competence and
    implementation ability. See the qualification documents for further
    information.
    IV.1.3)  Reduction of the number of operators during the negotiation or
    dialogue: Recourse to staged procedure to gradually reduce the number of
    solutions to be discussed or tenders to be negotiated yes.
    IV.2)  AWARD CRITERIA
    IV.2.1)  Award criteria: The most economically advantageous tender in
    terms of the criteria stated in the specifications, in the invitation to
    tender or to negotiate or in the descriptive document.
    IV.3)  ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION
    IV.3.3)  Conditions for obtaining specifications and additional documents
    or descriptive documentTime limit for receipt of requests for documents or
    for accessing documents: 16.3.2007.
    IV.3.4)  Time-limit for receipt of tenders or requests to participate:
    20.3.2007 - 12:00.
    IV.3.5)  Date of dispatch of invitations to tender or to participate to
    selected candidates: 11.4.2007.
    IV.3.6)  Language(s) in which tenders or requests to participate may be
    drawn up: Other: Norwegian.
    SECTION VI: COMPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
    VI.3)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: The awarding authority has prepared a
    qualification documents which can be downloaded from the Doffin database.
    The qualification documents contain detailed information of the delivery
    and the tender contest in general. The qualification documents also
    contain requirements in connection with design and content of the request
    to participate in the contest which interested suppliers shall send the
    awarding authority within the deadline.
    The Purchasing Authority is acting on behalf of the following
    organisations:
    The Norwegian Labour and Welfare Organisation
    (NT Ref: 87253).
    VI.5)  DATE OF DISPATCH OF THIS NOTICE: 19.2.2007.
