1.0/025697
TI: NO-Oslo: computer and related services
PD: 20071219
ND: 297607-2007
OJ: 244/2007
DR: 20071217
DS: 20071217
DD: 20080125
DT: 20080125  12 00
HD: 3340
TD: 3 - Contract notice
NC: 4 - Service contract
PR: 4 - Negotiated procedure
RP: B - European Economic Area (EEA), with participation by GPA countries
AA: 1 - Ministry or any other national or federal authority
TY: 1 - Global tender
AC: 2 - The most economic tender
MA: S - General public/services
PC: 72000000
PN: Computer and related services
CY: NO
OL: EN
AU: NAV DRIFT OG UTVIKLING
TW: OSLO
IA: www.nav.no
AB: Title attributed to the contract by the contracting authority: Procurement
    of maintenance and further development agreement for Arena case-handling
    system.
    Arena is one of the Awarding Authority‘s core systems and constitutes a
    comprehensive and flexible case-handling system which will support up to 6
    000 users/case-handlers in their daily works within year 2010. The system
    is based on Oracle database, Oracle development system, Java based
    development system and FrameSolution, a framework delivered by Computas.
    Arena is created in order to contribute to a well functioning labour
    market through support for communication, recruiting and measures, as well
    as support for administration of services during unemployment, vocational
    occupational rehabilitation and measures participation.
    CPV: 72000000.
TX: CONTRACT NOTICE
    Services
    SECTION I: CONTRACTING AUTHORITY
    I.1)  NAME, ADDRESSES AND CONTACT POINT(S): NAV Drift og utvikling,
    Sannergata 2, Postboks 5200 Nydalen, Contact: Anskaffelser og økonomi,
    Attn: Heidi E. Rygg, N-0426 Oslo. Tel. (47) 21 07 10 00. E-mail:
    heidi.elise.rygg@nav.no. Fax 21 07 10 10.
    Internet address(es):
    General address of the contracting authority: www.nav.no.
    Address of the buyer profile: http://www.doffin.no/search/
    Search_AuthProfile.aspx?ID=AA0005.
    Further information can be obtained at: As in above-mentioned contact
    point(s).
    Specifications and additional documents (including documents for
    competitive dialogue and a dynamic purchasing system) can be obtained at:
    As in above-mentioned contact point(s).
    Tenders or requests to participate must be sent to: As in above-mentioned
    contact point(s).
    I.2)  TYPE OF THE CONTRACTING AUTHORITY AND MAIN ACTIVITY OR ACTIVITIES:
    Ministry or any other national or federal authority, including their
    regional or local sub-divisions.
    General public services.
    SECTION II: OBJECT OF THE CONTRACT
    II.1)  DESCRIPTION
    II.1.1)  Title attributed to the contract by the contracting authority:
    Procurement of maintenance and further development agreement for Arena
    case-handling system.
    II.1.2)  Type of contract and location of works, place of delivery or of
    performance: Services.
    Service category: No 7.
    Main place of performance: Oslo, Norway.
    II.1.3)  The notice involves: The establishment of a framework agreement.
    II.1.4)  Information on framework agreement: Framework agreement with a
    single operator.
    Duration of the framework agreement: Duration in year(s): 5
    Justification for a framework agreement, the duration of which exceeds
    four years: Compare paragraph 15-1 no. 4. Due to the system‘s importance
    and criticality, complexity, and commercial conditions and costs in
    connection with replacement of supplier.
    Estimated total value of purchases for the entire duration of the
    framework agreement:
    Estimated value excluding VAT:
    Range: between 150 000 000 and 200 000 000 NOK.
    II.1.5)  Short description of the contract or purchase(s): Arena is one of
    the Awarding Authority‘s core systems and constitutes a comprehensive and
    flexible case-handling system which will support up to 6 000
    users/case-handlers in their daily works within year 2010. The system is
    based on Oracle database, Oracle development system, Java based
    development system and FrameSolution, a framework delivered by Computas.
    Arena is created in order to contribute to a well functioning labour
    market through support for communication, recruiting and measures, as well
    as support for administration of services during unemployment, vocational
    occupational rehabilitation and measures participation.
    II.1.6)  Common procurement vocabulary (CPV): 72000000.
    II.1.7)  Contract covered by the Government Procurement Agreement (GPA):
    Yes.
    II.1.8)  Division into lots: No.
    II.2)  QUANTITY OR SCOPE OF THE CONTRACT
    II.2.1)  Total quantity or scope: The annual value of the agreements will
    vary but the extent is normally within 30 000 000 – 40 000 000 NOK per
    annum.
    II.2.2)  Options: Yes.
    Description of these options: The framework agreement is for four years
    with option for 1 year prolongation for the Awarding Authority.
    II.3)  DURATION OF THE CONTRACT OR TIME-LIMIT FOR COMPLETION: Duration in
    months: 60 (from the award of the contract).
    SECTION III: LEGAL, ECONOMIC, FINANCIAL AND TECHNICAL INFORMATION
    III.1)  CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE CONTRACT
    III.1.1)  Deposits and guarantees required: See the tender documents.
    III.1.2)  Main financing conditions and payment arrangements and/or
    reference to the relevant provisions regulating them: See the tender
    documents.
    III.1.3)  Legal form to be taken by the group of economic operators to
    whom the contract is to be awarded: See the qualification documents.
    III.1.4)  Other particular conditions to which the performance of the
    contract is subject: No.
    III.2)  CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPATION
    III.2.1)  Personal situation of economic operators, including requirements
    relating to enrolment on professional or trade registers: Information and
    formalities necessary for evaluating if requirements are met: Company
    registration certificate. Value added tax certificate (National
    requirement). Company tax certificate (National requirement).
    Self-declaration in compliance with Appendix 2 (HSE) of the Norwegian
    procurement regulations (National requirement). Other documentation
    required: Requirements: 1. Mandatory and invariable requirements. 2. It is
    required that the supplier has a legally established company.
    Documentation: - Description of the organisation and ownership structure.
    III.2.2)  Economic and financial capacity: Information and formalities
    necessary for evaluating if requirements are met: The company’s most
    recent annual report including new information of relevance to the
    company’s accounting figures. Statement of the company’s turnover, of
    relevance to this contract, for previous years. Other documentation
    required: Documentation: The company´s annual accounts for the previous 3
    years with notes and auditor´s reports.
    Minimum level(s) of standards possibly required: Requirement: 1. It is
    required that the supplier has good solvency and is worthy of credit.
    III.2.3)  Technical capacity: Information and formalities necessary for
    evaluating if requirements are met: A list of the principal deliveries
    effected, or main services provided, by the company, in the past three
    years, with the values, dates and recipients (for supply and service
    contracts). Documentation: - It is required that the supplier includes
    references which shows use of pliable methodology. – Minimum 3 relevant
    references with names and contact information. – Manpower for this
    assignment with names and CVs for the most relevant resource personnel as
    well as filled in table in accordance with qualification documents’ annex.
    The CVs must display technology and competence as described in the
    qualification documents. – The supplier must prove that he has necessary
    capacity and qualifications for execute the assignment. – Description of
    use of sub-suppliers, if any. – Short statement of the supplier’s
    tools/methodology in connection with the implementation of the contract. –
    Processes for service management shall be documented/described. –
    Statement of the company’s quality assurance system/control system, if
    possible, certificates issued by independent organs which confirms that
    the supplier meet the requirement in relation to the quality assurance
    system.
    Minimum level(s) of standards possibly required: Requirements: 1.
    Considerable and relevant experience from corresponding assignments is
    required. 2. Substantial professional competence is required. 3. Very good
    implementation ability, established implementation methodology and
    method/tools for flexible system development are required. 4. It is
    required that processes for service management is based on ITIL or
    corresponding framework. 5. A good and efficient quality assurance system
    (ISO 9000 or equivalent) is required.
    SECTION IV: PROCEDURE
    IV.1)  TYPE OF PROCEDURE
    IV.1.1)  Type of procedure: Negotiated.
    Candidates have already been selected: no.
    IV.1.2)  Limitations on the number of operators who will be invited to
    tender or to participate: Envisaged minimum number: 3. Maximum number: 6
    Objective criteria for choosing the limited number of candidates: The
    Awarding Authority will invite 3 to 6 qualified suppliers to submit
    tenders. The selection of suppliers will be carried based on the best
    qualified suppliers in accordance with qualifications weighted as follows:
    - Experience 25 %. – Competence 25 %. – Capacity 25 %. – Method and
    quality assurance system.
    IV.1.3)  Reduction of the number of operators during the negotiation or
    dialogue: Recourse to staged procedure to gradually reduce the number of
    solutions to be discussed or tenders to be negotiated yes.
    IV.2)  AWARD CRITERIA
    IV.2.1)  Award criteria: The most economically advantageous tender in
    terms of the criteria stated in the specifications, in the invitation to
    tender or to negotiate or in the descriptive document.
    IV.2.2)  An electronic auction will be used: No.
    IV.3)  ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION
    IV.3.3)  Conditions for obtaining specifications and additional documents
    or descriptive documentTime limit for receipt of requests for documents or
    for accessing documents: 25.1.2008.
    IV.3.4)  Time-limit for receipt of tenders or requests to participate:
    25.1.2008 - 12:00.
    IV.3.5)  Date of dispatch of invitations to tender or to participate to
    selected candidates: 20.2.2008.
    IV.3.6)  Language(s) in which tenders or requests to participate may be
    drawn up: Other: Norwegian.
    SECTION VI: COMPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
    VI.3)  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: (NT Ref:109109).
    VI.5)  DATE OF DISPATCH OF THIS NOTICE: 17.12.2007.
